---
tags: 2024-ccrs-vcmconference-speakers
# Disable page generation
permalink: false
coverImage:
order: 200
zh:
  type: 專題演講
  unit: GHG Management Institute
  jobTitle: 專案經理
  name: Tani Colbert-Sangree
en:
  type: Keynote
  unit: GHG Management Institute
  jobTitle: Project Manager
  name: Tani Colbert-Sangree
---

Tani joined GHGMI in the summer of 2019 and supports the organization as a Project Manager. His expertise covers carbon offsets, Article 6 of the Paris Agreement, GHG verification, GHG emissions accounting for electric companies, GHG emissions accounting for battery energy storage systems, programs to build national GHG inventorying capacity, and institutional structures to implement climate action plans.

Tani has developed training to accredit verifiers through the California Air Resources Board’s Compliance Offset Program and the Low Carbon Fuel Standard. He has also contributed to the offset credit rating initiatives of the Carbon Credit Quality Initiative and Calyx Global. He has over 10 years of experience with climate change mitigation and adaptation work. Tani works for a sustainable future, recognizing that this necessitates liberation from oppression for all people, disability inclusion in climate action planning and implementation, and respect for our natural world and its many forms of life.

He obtained a certificate of proficiency from GHGMI in 2015 for GHG Verification for Inventories and Projects while running his consultancy, Tomorrow’s Climate Solutions. Tani co-founded the Offset Network in 2016, a peer review system enabling universities to engage students in meeting their carbon neutrality goals by integrating curriculum and research with emission reduction project activities. He strategically led the Duke University Carbon Offsets Initiative from 2017-2019.
